README.md, before:

# Jirafa SvelteKit application

## The goal

Build a project management application (consider it to be something like the [Atlassian's Jira](https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira)) with UI/UX closely resembling the [Slack](https://slack.com)'s UI/UX. The final goal is not only to have the well-working tool itself, but also get [myself](https://github.com/fyodorio) familiar with [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) and [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/).

## Getting started

1. Clone this repository locally
2. Run `npm install`
3. Run `npm run dev` and follow the CLI hints

## Contributing

Everyone is welcome to contribute to the project, either by submitting new issues, or by working on existing issues and submitting pull requests for them. Just make sure you follow this project's [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/jirafahq/jirafa-sveltekit-client/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). 

## Credits

* [The API](https://github.com/jirafahq/jirafa-strapi-api) for this project is developed with [Strapi](https://strapi.io/)
* The app's favicon is made and provided by [surang](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/surang)

Commit message:

chore(): update docs with more detailed info (#2)
* chore(): add some documentation for the project

* chore(): update docs with more detailed info

README.md, after:

# Jirafa SvelteKit application

## The goal

Build a project management application (consider it to be something like the [Atlassian's Jira](https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira)) with UI/UX closely resembling the [Slack](https://slack.com)'s UI/UX. The final goal is not only to have the well-working tool itself, but also to get familiar with [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) and [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/), and the idea of [transitional apps](https://twitter.com/hashtag/transitionalapps) in general.

This application is built as a pet project in a free time, so the pace of development is quite slow. As some kind of MVP is build, the Releases section will be turned on with the first release tagged.

## Getting started

1. Clone this repository locally
2. Run `npm install`
3. Run `npm run dev` and follow the CLI hints

## Contributing

Everyone is welcome to contribute to the project, either by [submitting new issues](https://github.com/jirafahq/jirafa-sveltekit-client/issues/new), or by working on [existing issues](https://github.com/jirafahq/jirafa-sveltekit-client/issues) and submitting [pull requests](https://github.com/jirafahq/jirafa-sveltekit-client/pulls) for them. Just make sure you follow this project's [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/jirafahq/jirafa-sveltekit-client/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). 

## Get in touch

If you need to get in touch on anything related to this project, please feel free to ping the maintainer [on Twitter](https://twitter.com/fyodorio), or open a new [discussion](https://github.com/jirafahq/jirafa-sveltekit-client/discussions) in this repository. 

## Credits

* [The API](https://github.com/jirafahq/jirafa-strapi-api) for this project is developed with [Strapi](https://strapi.io/)
* [The app's favicon](https://github.com/jirafahq/jirafa-sveltekit-client/blob/main/static/favicon.png) is made and provided by [surang](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/surang)
